>> Kyle Simpson: Third feature that is
gonna be a big deal in certain use cases,
that was added in ES 2018,
is what is called the .all mode.
Specifically, it's a new flag that you
can add onto the end of your regular
expression.
So in addition to having g for global,
and m for multiline, and i for
case insensitive, and those sorts of
flags, there's a new flag called s.
And s turns on what is
called the dot all mode.
The reason why this is important
is because historically, for
all of regular expressions and
JavaScript up to this point,
the dot operator, the period,
like we see on line 6,
it is able to match any character,
except it doesn't match across new lines.
So you're only able to
match on that exact line,
which is why the code on line
6 doesn't find any match.
Because it can't find brown and over,
since the dot in that dot-star
can't span across a newline.
If we then turn on the dot all mode,
the dot is able to match all characters,
including new lines.
So now, we're able to make regular
expression matches across lines.
>> Kyle Simpson: Just three of a variety
of changes that have either landed, or
are landing soon.
Another couple of features, or another
regular expression feature that landed,
not something that a lot of you will use,
but a new flag that was added, which is
slash u, and it turns on Unicode-aware
mode for your regular expressions.
Because JavaScript regular expressions
typically only work with the ASCII
character set, and they don't really
treat the extended Unicode code space as
individual characters.
But now you can turn on Unicode
awareness for your regular expressions,
if you need it.
It also gives you some
additional syntax for
Unicode escape sequences in
your regular expressions.
But a bunch of really cool
stuff that has landed, and
is landing in regular expressions,
is finally gonna bring this feature up to
more parity with regular expression
support in other languages.
And that should hopefully bring some
needed relief to all the frustration that
we have.
We naturally don't love writing regular
expressions, at least most of us.
But it should bring some very
necessary relief to those problems.
Any questions about these additions, or
improvements to regular expressions?